原文链接：http://www.cnblogs.com/codingbigdog/archive/2022/07/05/16445333.html
提交日期：Tue, 05 Jul 2022 01:59:00 GMT
博文内容：
# PASSAGE 1: Success in Life
Success means different things for different people. Some may equate it with fame, some with wealth and still some with accomplishments. For me, it means fulfilling one's dreams. Whatever your dreams are, you have a goal there and then focus all your attention on it. 
Dreams bring you hope and happiness. In the process of struggling for it, you cry, sweat, complain or even curse, but the joy of harvesting makes you forget all the pains and troubles you have gone through. So an old proverb says that the sweetest fruit is one that has undergone the bitterest ordeal. 

There are several keys to success. First, your goal must be practical and 
practicable. If you set your goal too high, chances are that you will never 
attain it. Next, you have to make a plan of doing it. You can take some 
steps to realize it. Since the process is quite tough, you need to be 
diligent, patient and persevering.
Even if you meet with some difficulties or frustrations, just take them in 
your stride. You can always tell yourself that there is nothing 
insurmountable. With this will and determination, success is sure to wait 
for you at the end of the tunnel!

**笔记**
equate sth with sth = regard sth as sth
sense of accomplishment：成就感，sense of ……感
fulfill/relize/achieve one's dreams
无论……，whatever,whoever,wherever
spare no effort to do sth/spare no effort in doing sth 全力以赴做

what brings you here?
No sweat 对别人说自己不累，没关系；叫别人不用费事帮我去干嘛了。
'Many thanks.' — 'No sweat. Anything else?' 
'I'll get my purse out of the bedroom.' — 'No sweat, Mrs. Day. We can put it on your tab.'






# 其他
I promise 我保证
your speaking 口语
you have no idea ...你不知道
through thick and thin  经历苦难
I will go on loving James through thick and thin
